Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices.
-- Ben Franklin
%
We humans are not always-on, efficient machines that can run 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
Burning the candle at both ends results in, well, burnout.
Humans need rest, relaxation, and recreation.
We need time to think about things, to clear the mind, and to have fun.
-- Christopher Richards
%
Slow is smooth, smooth is fast.
-- Military saying
%
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
-- Hanlon's Razor
%
When you come across information you've already read or seen, the temptation is to say,
	“I already know this.”
Okay, you know it – but are you living what you know?
If not, you might want to keep studying and practicing on that topic, even if you feel like you “know” it.
-- Sebastian Marshall
%
You need to continuously ask yourself: is this the most important thing for me to be doing right now?
-- Steve Pavlina
%
Sometimes, the most productive thing you can do is relax.
-- Mark Black
%
Prod any happy person, and you will find a project.
-- Richard Layard
%
Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle.
-- Jon Acuff
%
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule but to schedule your priorities.
-- Stephen Covey
% 
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
-- Peter Drucker
%
He who is making progress, having learned from the philosophers that desire is for good things
and avoidance is toward bad things, and having also learned that impassivity and a good flow of
life are not otherwise attained than through unerring desire and unfailing avoidance - such a person
has removed desire from himself altogether or else deferred it to another time, and exercises avoidance
only toward things within the sphere of choice. For if he tries to avoid anything outside the sphere
of choice, he knows that sooner or later he will stumble onto something contrary to his aversion, and
come to grief.
-- Epictetus, Discourses Book I
%
When you are about to undertake some action, remind yourself what sort of action it is.
If you are going out for a bath, put before your mind what happens at baths --
there are people who splash, people who jostle, people who are insulting, people who steal.
And you will undertake the action more securely if from the start you say of it
"I want to take a bath and to keep my choices in accord with nature;"
and likewise for each action.
For that way if something happens to interfere with your bathing you will be ready to say,
"Oh, well, I wanted not only this but also to keep my choices in accord with nature,
and I cannot do that if I am annoyed with things that happen."
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 4
%
What upsets people is not things themselves but their judgements about the things.
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 5
%
Do not seek to have events happen as you want them to, but instead want them to happen as they
do happen, and your life will go well.
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 8
%
Whenever you encounter some kind of apparent pleasure, be on guard, as in the case ofother appearances,
not to be carried away by it, but let the ting wait for you and allow yourself to delay.
Then bring it before your mind two times, both the time when you enjoy the pleasure and the time
when after enjoying it you later regret it and berate yourself; and set against these the way you
will be pleased and will praise yourself if you refrain from it. But if the right occasion appears
for you to undertake the action, pay attention so that you will not be overcome by its attractiveness
and pleasantness and seductiveness, and set against it how much better it is to be conscious of
having won a victory against it.
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 34
%
When someone acts badly towards you or speaks badly of you, remember that he does or sys it in the belief
that it is appropriate for him to do so.
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 42
%
Someone takes a bath quickyl; do not say that he does it badly, but that he does it quickly...
For until you have discerned what his judgement was, how do you know whether he did it badly?
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 45
%
Make everything that seems best be a law that you cannot go against.
-- Epictetus, The Encheiridion, 51
